{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl {\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}{\colortbl ;}\pard Rokon\'27s Privacy Policy \sb70\par\pard\sb70\par\pard Created on 9/11/2024 \sb70\par\pard\sb70\par\pard By default, Rokon collects telemetry data about how my application is performing in two ways: \sb70\par{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22{\pntext\tab} Application usage data (Tells us how many people are using my application on what systems) \par{\pntext\tab} Error reporting and performance data. (Automatically raises a internal issue when you experience a crash with telemetry on) \par{\pntext\tab} Your Roku\'27s local IP ie \pard 10.0.0.32 \sb70\par will be collected to better understand what local IP addresses Rokon should be looking out for. \par{\pntext\tab} What Operating System you\'27re running and which version you\'27re using. ie \pard Windows 10 Home \sb70\par or \pard macOS Sonana \sb70\par or \pard Fedora Linux 42 (KDE Plasma) x86_64 Linux 6.10.9 \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} Application version ie \pard rokon_1.0.0+44e1612 \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} Whether or not the application is being ran through a translation layer like \pard WINE \sb70\par or \pard Rosetta \sb70\par . \par{\pntext\tab} What CPU your computer has ie \pard i7-11800H \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} What GPU your computer has ie \pard RTX 3060 Laptop GPU \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} How much memory the application is using (Helps to identify memory leaks) \par{\pntext\tab} How much overall memory your computer has to better understand the \\'2722headroom space\\'2722 left. \par{\pntext\tab} Application environment ie running it on Linux with AppImage, Flatpak, Snap. Or running the portable version of my application on Windows. \par{\pntext\tab} Your Roku\'27s model number ie \pard C177X \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} Your Roku\'27s operating system ie \pard Roku/13.1.4 UPnP/1.0 Roku/13.1.4 \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} General Region ie \pard United States \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab} How many times you\'27ve ran the application ie \pard 19 \sb70\par , minutesActive ie \pard 320 \sb70\par\par{\pntext\tab}\pard SSDP \sb70\par broadcast address. \par}\pard All this data helps to improve Rokon as it is \sb70\par\pard Free software \sb70\par . \pard\sb70\par\pard Definitions \sb70\par\pard telemetry - Modern, dynamic distributed systems require comprehensive monitoring to understand software behavior in various situations. Developers face challenges tracking the software\'92s performance in the field and responding to various modifications. To keep up with continuously changing requirements, it\'92s essential to have a simple way to collect data from systems the application is running. \sb70\par\pard SSDP - On devices and PCs that support SSDP, this feature can be enabled, disabled, or paused. When SSDP is enabled, devices communicate information about themselves and the services they provide to any other UPnP client. Using SSDP, computers connected to the network also provide information about available services. \sb70\par\pard anonymous - not identified by name; of unknown name. \sb70\par\pard What I will not do \sb70\par{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22{\pntext\tab} Sell your data \par{\pntext\tab} Spy on what you\'27re doing on your TV \par{\pntext\tab} Collect non-anonymous data such as your name, your TV\'27s friendly name (Brycen\'27s Living Room Roku), etc. \par{\pntext\tab} Be evil \par}\pard For error tracking and performance data, we use Sentry.io and their privacy policy can be found \sb70\par\pard here \sb70\par . \pard\sb70\par\pard For application analytics, we use Aptabase.com and their privacy policy can be found \sb70\par\pard here \sb70\par . \pard\sb70\par\pard In terms of fingerprinting \sb70\par{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22{\pntext\tab} My application turns your machineid into a sha256 value that isn\'27t traceable to you yet essentially unique to your operating system\'27s installation. \par{\pntext\tab} This sha\'27d machineid helps me to understand user flow and how they could\'27ve ran into issues and helps to discern one device from another. \par{\pntext\tab} Although your \i public \i0 IP address is naturally processed by these network services. It is not saved and thus discarded. \par}\pard How do I disable telemetry? \sb70\par\pard Go into the application\'27s settings menu or config file (~/.config/rokon on Linux) \sb70\par\pard Set \sb70\par\pard telemetry \sb70\par to \pard false \sb70\par and then no data should be sent for telemetry or application analytics. \pard\sb70\par\pard How do I request for my personal data to be removed? \sb70\par\pard There is no personal data. All data collected is anonymous. \sb70\par\pard Final notes \sb70\par\pard I made Rokon because I wanted to learn more about coding. I decided to make it free and open source for you, and this is really all I expect to learn. I doubt I\'27ll even get any donations for my work. This is all I ask, \b keep telemetry on \b0 . Help me \b\i improve \i0\b0 Rokon. \sb70\par}