{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl {\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}{\colortbl ;}\pard Description \sb70\par\pard Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. \sb70\par\pard Fixes # (issue) \sb70\par\pard Followed Semantic Conventions \sb70\par{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22{\pntext\tab} [ ] I have indeed. I\'27ve even named my branch to \pard feat/discord-rpc \sb70\par or \pard fix/ssdp \sb70\par and my title follows Semantic Commits and is in accordance with the \pard Contributing Guide \sb70\par . \par}\pard Type of change \sb70\par\pard Please delete options that are not relevant. \sb70\par{{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22{\pntext\tab} [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue) \par{\pntext\tab} [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality) \par{\pntext\tab} [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected) \par{\pntext\tab} [ ] This change requires a documentation update \par{\pntext\tab} [ ] This change requires a configuration update \par{\pntext\tab} [ ] This change requires a storage migration \par}\pard How Has This Been Tested? \sb70\par\pard Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration \sb70\par}